As a super administrator, you can see the condition
of multiple houses. Start with critical problems, missing backups,
maintenance warnings and unusual audit events. Every entry must
clearly identify the affected house before you act.
The house selector changes the active administration context. The
following views and actions refer to that house until
you switch again. Check the house name and target
especially before blocks, invitations or account changes.
Super administrators can create houses with a clear name and address.
Master data changes affect administration and display. Before deactivation, review active
residents, bookings, resources, open workflows and the required data backup.
A personal identity may be a resident of one house,
a house administrator and additionally a super administrator. Resident bookings
remain assigned to the apartment, while administrative actions are logged
personally. Grant only the permissions required for the specific responsibility.
A super administrator can grant an active house administrator additional super
administrator rights. The existing super administrator keeps their rights, preventing an
unintended sole handover. Revocation or planned succession requires password confirmation, an
audit trail and at least one remaining capable super administrator.
In the System area, check the time, integrity and destination
of database backups. A copy on the same server alone
does not protect against a complete outage. Configure external storage
and regularly verify that a backup can actually be restored.
Use maintenance mode for major database or operational work. Inform residents,
create a backup first and prevent new changes during the work.
Afterwards, verify health status and core functions before restoring normal operation.
The pilot reset is not a routine cleanup tool. Review
exactly which bookings and test data will be removed, and
create a backup immediately beforehand. Accounts, logbook evidence and production
data must not accidentally become part of the reset.
The audit records who performed an administrative action, when it happened
and which house it affected. System status adds the version, database,
email, push, backup and maintenance state. Investigate and document unusual events
instead of silently removing them from the history.
For role changes, house deactivation, maintenance and data resets, work
deliberately. Verify the target, house, current backup, impact and recovery
option. Confirm with your own current password, then review the
audit and system status and document any remaining work.